docs/index.md, before:

# @Lamiest Web page
Senior Computer Engineering Jasem Alsuwaidi is ready to explore the vast and complex background of computers using the tools and knowledge gained within Khalifa University. Currently partaking in an intership opportunity in Security Industry Regulation Agency. You will find all of my projects in the projects page and their respective links under!

I am passionate about learning new techniques and tools to create and develop programs, web servers and pages, networks and much more. I enjoy playing competitive games and hope to be one of the best in both Engineering and gaming! I am a competitive person in general and I strive to hone my knowledge on all things electronic, digital and games. I have expertise in circuit analysis and circuit building, generating code test cases, employing software engineering techniques, and programming and troubleshooting Microprocessor/Embedded Systems

<img src="./images/instagram.png" alt="Instagram" width="15" height="15"> [Instagram](https://instagram.com/suwaidi03)
<img src="./images/github.png" alt="Github" width="15" height="15"> [GitHub](https://github.com/Lamiest)

Commit message:

Index.md, ESP32.md and Research.md fixed

docs/index.md, after:

# Lamiest Hub
Senior Computer Engineering Jasem Alsuwaidi is ready to explore the vast and complex background of computers using the tools and knowledge gained within Khalifa University. Currently partaking in an intership opportunity in Security Industry Regulation Agency. You will find all of my projects in the projects page and their respective links under!

I am passionate about learning new techniques and tools to create and develop programs, web servers and pages, networks and much more. I enjoy playing competitive games and hope to be one of the best in both Engineering and gaming! I am a competitive person in general and I strive to hone my knowledge on all things electronic, digital and games. I have expertise in circuit analysis and circuit building, generating code test cases, employing software engineering techniques, and programming and troubleshooting Microprocessor/Embedded Systems

## Eductional Background

- High School Diploma (Advanced track): Dubai National Schools, Al Twar branch (October 2020)
- Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering: Khalifa University (Expected Graduation 2026)

### Coursework and University Projects

1) Banking System with Different User Types (Software)
2) Research on applications of Artifical Intelligence on Businesses
3) Access System Using Microcontroller (Software & Hardware) in Assembly and C++ languages
4) Building and connecting circuits operational amplifiers
5) Analysis of frequency using Bi-directional Junction Transistors and Metal-Oxide-Semiconductor Field Effect Transistors to control police siren leds.
6) (On-going) Regenerative Breaking Embedded System to increase efficiency of electric bike range.

## Contacts


<img src="./images/instagram.png" alt="Instagram" width="15" height="15"> [Instagram](https://instagram.com/suwaidi03)

<img src="./images/github.png" alt="Github" width="15" height="15"> [GitHub](https://github.com/Lamiest)
